I saw a fat girl like hey what's up and
I got a horn on me harder than a
chestnut I'm not gonna lie I like what I
saw four sets of titties in a push-up
bra I could be on that day or night
licking her armpits and cellulite
getting it on like a love affair
twisting her nipples and pubic hair she
Wiggles when she walks fishnets and a
dress leaving my underwear a sticky mess
she spots me then and decides to walked
over ask to fuck me and I don't even
know her
I pin her down and I start to caress I
pull down my panties and I shot in her
chest then I spot something it's lucky I
saw her name was Adam so I kicked her in
the jaw oh yeah I love fat mutts oh yeah
I love fat Matt oh yeah
Isle of Patmos oh yeah I love fat Matt
oh yeah I love fat Matt oh yeah
Isle of Patmos oh yeah I love fat marks
oh yeah I love fat Matt I don't care if
she's on drugs all I want is to munch on
a rogue she's got curves in all the
wrong places 21 yeah and she still has
braces I spot her from a bear and I
don't care if she's sitting in her car
with long leg here I wanna go down and
lick on a rim Lube of my John and just
slide it in I gather my nerves and then
I piss on her shoe just to let her know
that I wanna push her poo I spot
something then it's lucky I saw she was
wearing creepers like oh my god I
couldn't fuck - so I left how to crawl I
bent over and I kicked her in the jaw oh
yeah I love fat mutts oh yeah
the fite mato yeah I love cock marks oh
yeah
I love fat Mott's oh yeah I love cock
mots oh yeah I love fat March 1 2 3 to
the 4 I love big fat ugly whores 1 2 3
to the poor
I love big fat ugly whores like what
bitch